with key improvements across the board
what we might be witness to here is
Samsung truly establishing what is their
flagship smartphone line and yes here is
the full review of the Samsung Galaxy
Note 4 updates to high profile
smartphone flagships generally get a lot
of buzz but lately the excitement has
been waning and due in no small part to
the fact that small steps or what we get
where we thought we were going to get
big leaps in the case of the Samsung
Galaxy Note 4 we might not be seeing
giant leaps forward for the note line
but the steps taken were the right ones
Samsung has figured out design and
crafted one of the most attractive
phones I've seen quad HD was the
expected step forward in display but
they've managed to make the battery life
still on par while adding fast charging
to get you back to work quickly optical
image stabilization finally arrives here
and then TouchWiz focuses once again on
multitasking this time providing a
seamless experience that should make
multitasking easier for a lot of users
and finally the s-pen continues to be
the unrivaled note lines marquee
companion further bolstered by
capabilities that make a number of once
menial tasks much easier now the number
of enhancements that have proven
exciting and ultimately useful is longer
than in any past release Samsung or not
and that's what makes the note for such
a great phone in almost every respect
the note 4 ups the ante not only for
note veterans but also for anybody
looking for an attractive package and an
upgrade to a larger display or to a
stylus experience with this fourth
iteration in its note line Samsung has
truly established which phone is their
true flagship and that is why it gets
our editors choice award for being one
of the best offerings of the year in the
smartphone game
you